and then the youtube here who speaks is joão
bringing another video here for you
guys
A gari today I'm going to bring here to
You like the screen of your android phone
android needs ruth is close
I'm going to teach how now.
The people are coming.
11 mondego rodrigo now for you
enter the module and cover that is so
put from that button that is power
right it up volume button
the central button on the mobile
then press the three together 1 2 3 and go
now you hope you left your
Software
here I leave the inpe started making
This is already installed in rock
now you go co
the first option that has and will connect the
cell phone is calling
You're calling Italy, leaving it to the girl.
and show what the girl my mother
the boot itself
all
good people, returning here
resuming the video you will going
normal cell phone but as I already have
other media research
I do not know if I can do this for sure.
to get well all
next video and how to display your
android cell phone is very simple
Good people, you said yes.
video of a gem on my channel and spoke and
see you later